## New syntax highlighting and folding system ##

A small release but with a major improvement! The syntax highlighting of progress file is now entirely done by 3P! You probably didn't notice it, but I was actually using a UDL (user defined language) of notepad++ to add colors to the progress file prior to this version. That meant 3 things :

- First, i had to keep 2 list of keywords in sync; the one used by the internal progress parser and the one used in the UDL (and, holy macaroni, do I hate redundancy!)
- Secondly, I could only have a static syntax highlighting (for instance, it was not possible to have a different color for procedures or methods which are discovered dynamically while parsing the code)
- Last but not least, I couldn't properly manage the folding feature of scintilla (the +/- in the left margin to expand/collapse a block like a procedure or an if)

Anyway... To keep it short, I'm super excited about this feature and I hope you will be satisfied. However, for you, it should not change anything at the moment. I would even say, if you don't read this version note, you might wonder what has changed since the last version :D just know that it opens the door to new cool features!

Please report any weird behavior concerning the syntax higlight and folding (for the later, i'm positive you will find issues), this will help stabilizing the version 1.7!
 
**Improvements :**

- Syntax highlighting!
- New menu option to read the current as a progress (will apply syntax highlighting and trigger progress autocompletion)

**Fixed issues :**

- #178 : Creation of NppBackup folder near the file saved
- Now try to show the version log to the user until it has actually been seen
- #144 : Syntax definition error on Function Foward sentences

Enjoy!